At the dawn of the Meta Abilities
and the troubles that ensued,
people were hoping to coexist with those
who possessed Meta Abilities.
Then among the Meta Ability Users,
an ideology started to emerge.
They wanted liberation
instead of suppression.
They preached the freedom
to use their powers
and consider it a basic human right.
His name was Chikara Yotsubashi.
He gave himself the name "Destro,"
the man who would bring down the system.
Destro mustered those
who shared his ideals
and founded the "Meta Liberation Army."
He and his organization
opposed the country,
but the campaign failed years later.
Most of the members were arrested.
The organization was disbanded.
PARANORMAL LIBERATION FRONT
After he finished writing his book
in prison, Destro took his own life.
But Destro wasn't aware
of the child he had.
How is the progress?
We've found several people who could be
linked to the League of Villains.
We must hurry if we want to approach him.
They are the enemies of our organization.
The government's hands are tied.
So we must resolve this threat.
I will dismantle the League of Villains
as Re-Destro.
DEIKA CITY
This place is pretty remote.
The town is not that impressive.
I like the vibe here.
That angers me!
The Liberation Army
has over 110,000 members here.
MR. COMPRESS
QUIRK: COMPRESS
Gigantomachia will be awake
in 1 hour and 40 minutes.
If he pursues Shigaraki to this place,
he will clash with the Liberation Army.
After they've killed each other off,
we'll come out on top.
But can we even hold on for that long?
Come on.
Why am I dragged into this mess as well?
You only joined because Giran
introduced you to us.
These are two different matters.
You jerk…
Someone is coming.
Stop!
I was ordered to be your guide.
If you wish to see the commander,
then come with me.
A pro hero?
But I'm not sure if I know him.
The streets are empty.
I see what's going on here.
-You got that right.
-What?
This is Deika City.
It's a liberation zone where over 90%
of the residents are sleeper agents.
I appreciate your long journey
to the city.
It's a day to remember,
and you are our special guests.
Isn't that Hanabata,
from the Hearts and Mind Party?
Is he famous?
Now let's begin.
The Meta Liberation Army's
revival party!
They really have over 110,000 fighters.
Whatever.
We're here now, so where is Giran?
The broker is waiting over there
with our Grand Commander.
You promised you would let him go!
You pointy fringe!
A medium-level boss.
Tomura Shigaraki!
Anyway, press on to the tower.
This is what I'm good at.
The ground exploded.
The real culprit of a series
of blood loss-related deaths,
the villain, Himiko Toga.
Why would a high school student
become a fanatic?
This interview about the culprit's life
will be impactful.
Do I have the honor to interview you?
What?
No way.
You made two mistakes.
First of all,
no one would want a middle-aged guy
to play the damsel in distress.
Your second mistake, as long as they send
an endless wave of Nomu,
this rusty small town will be razed.
VILLAIN: RE-DESTRO
They won't send the Nomu.
There are three reasons.
That's more points than your take.
First of all,
League of Villains' every operation
was accompanied by Nomu.
But after the battle at Kamino Ward,
they became a myth no one ever sees again
despite the League of Villains'
operations never ceasing.
The second reason is the high-performance
Nomu that showed up in Kyushu.
The main point being the white Nomus
that were ejected from the dark Nomu.
There were signs of modifications,
but their performances were mediocre.
Now the third reason…
I'm only here to retrieve Nomu.
Dabi claimed to have come
to retrieve the Nomu.
That indicated they had no other
functioning Nomu that could be used.
All the aforementioned reasons
lead to the conclusion that
the Nomus were nothing but a utility
from their sponsor All For One.
So it's logical to assume
they have no Nomu left
to send into battles.
Without the Nomu, the League of Villains
is nothing but a bunch
of low-grade grunts.
Every one of them is strong!
Our sleeper agents spent
every day honing their skills.
They trained the body
and mind to the limits
for the sake of living
like a proper human being.
Young people like you
are a pain in the neck.
A bunch of people without any grand vision
stole the spotlight.
Himiko Toga,
you seem to despise interviews.
But, I'm sorry,
I stopped caring for my interviewees
in the first year of my career.
Himiko Toga, everything about you
will be known to the world.
I have very little interest in the League,
but you are special.
"What Was The Young Girl's Reason
To Hurt People?"
I bet that will be a juicy article.
The reporter in me is so eager to…
She's gone.
So this is why she has never been caught.
Where is she?
She has no hesitation
in taking another person's life!
This is so exciting!
What have you gone through in your life?
Be careful over there.
The warriors have no mercy.
If you don't wish to die so soon,
then behave and let me interview you.
Chitose Kizuki. Code name: "Curious."
Quirk: Landmine.
Anything she touches can be turned
into explosives.
It's not lethal, but it can be devastating
in great numbers.
A syringe. I get it now.
She can transform by consuming
another person's blood.
She consumed the blood of several people
so I can't pinpoint her location.
She has remarkable reflexes.
You possess the survival skill an ordinary
killer can only dream of having.
What happened in your life
that made you learn such skills?
The blood exploded?
Forget about blending in by transforming.
I have warriors who sacrificed their lives
to become my explosive devices.
The first child of the Toga family,
born on August 7th, 17 years old.
You went missing after graduating
from middle school.
Have you watched those interviews
with your parents?
What about the interviews
with your middle school classmates?
They all said the same thing.
They said you were a cheerful
and kind little girl.
What could have made you do
those horrible things?
Why did you forfeit your normal life?
I know.
I know your pain.
I would love to hear it from you.
Kizuki.
This kind of article is never going
to interest the public.
Documentaries and rumors
are not enough to inspire people.
You need to interview the person
and look at their face.
The scoop that will fan
the public's opinion
is hidden within the human heart.
Use your heart to redirect
the public's opinion.
This is for the sake
of the Liberation Army!
Tell us the story
of how you became a lunatic!
"A normal life," you said.
What is that?
The expression on her face
is like a puppet.
You finally talked.
The Liberation Army is going to create
a wonderful world.
That's why I like you people.
This is very normal to me!
HIMIKO TOGA
QUIRK: TRANSFORM
SHE CAN TURN INTO ANYONE
BY CONSUMING THEIR BLOOD
WHY THE GRADUATION CEREMONY?
The girl who is responsible
for cutting and heavily wounding
her classmate is still at large.
The police are still searching for her.
Toga always had a smile on her face.
She had a kind heart.
I still can't believe what she did.
I saw it back then.
Toga was drinking Saito's blood.
She put a straw into his wound.
She seemed to enjoy the taste of it.
It was terrifying to watch.
I don't know what we could do to repent.
We tried our best but to no avail.
That child was a demon.
Mom, Dad, the little birdie is so cute.
Isn't it cute?
"This is very normal to me"?
How interesting.
So that's your true nature.
I knew I still had a knack
for sniffing out a scoop like this.
You are the embodiment
of the superhuman society's darker side.
Poor thing.
Your body is covered in wounds.
You are the unfortunate young girl
who became lost
after suppressing her abilities.
That's who you are, Himiko Toga.
The ability you were born with
gave you a strong yearning for blood.
So cute, so pretty.
But the true misfortune of it all
was the simple yearning
that is normal for everyone,
which eventually fused
with your interest in blood.
All and all, your behavior would never
be accepted in the superhuman society.
So you put on a disguise
to mask your true nature.
Stop it!
Are you out of your mind?
Stop smiling like that!
Your face gives me the creep.
You're a lunatic.
Why can't you just be normal?
Can you please be a normal child?
You're getting on my nerve!
Detnerat Custom-made Chain Ring!
Curious Flattener!
The normal life you seek
is not unlike the world envisioned
by the Liberation Army.
And because of that,
you will be the martyr to show the world
the cause of the Meta Liberation Army!
Your life story will be preached
and sung like a legend.
If my assumption was wrong,
I would need you to correct me.
Please let me hear it from you.
That is the only way
to complete the interview.
No!
You're not going anywhere! You came to us!
She is annoying.
I've never thought it was a misfortune.
I laugh when I feel happy.
Just as you would kiss
the people you like,
I drink the blood of people I like.
How is that misfortune?
I see! She's been keeping stock!
Come on, you're making me tear up!
I know your ability
can only transform your look.
"At least die with a cute look."
Poor girl.
This is the last drop of blood
from that day.
Izuku trusted Ochaco a lot.
That feels so great!
I wish I could be so close
to the people I like.
Please tell me what you have to say!
No!
I want to be like you.
I've been hunted down by police
and pro heroes every day.
That sharpened my awareness
of the surroundings.
People would think I'm friendly
as long as
I dress like a high school girl.
I can't let them catch me.
I can use Ochaco's Quirk!
How is this happening?
The file says she can only
transform her appearance!
Could this be
a developed form of her power?
Her fear of death has made her grow!
No.
I will fall in love.
I'll live a life and die a normal person.
I will definitely
like it even more!
This will be an incredible headline.
It will be the best article out there!
More of them just keep coming!
You barely took anyone down.
Toga went missing! Where is she now?
What a mess…
I'm just like Izuku from that day.
For the sake of that big, old man,
it was best not to kill her.
But it couldn't be helped.
I should destroy anything
that gets on my nerve.
Tomura…
I can really use some sleep now.
Shigaraki!
It happens when I feel sleepy.
Still things look like they are moving.
I even hear sounds that aren't real.
Useless information
keeps flooding into my brain.
I'm certain my body functions
are bugging out.
What is happening to me?
Yet another flashback.
My memory is blank, but somehow
I still remember the emotions.
At this moment,
I feel oddly happy.
But why?
Fear not. I am…
Just show me the whole picture already.
I'll be there to root for you, Tenko.
This feels like a broken record.
I'm tired of this.
It's disgusting me!
Was I delusional, or did he…
Did he destroy those people
without making physical contact?
Shigaraki, are you…
Our leader has shown his trick.
It's time to show mine.
Showing mercy and sparing lives
was never my style.
I see. It's ice.
That's a huge chunk of ice.
How did I miss that?
Maybe I've become stronger since then.
I understand now.
You must be very powerful.
Blueflame Dabi, the only man in
the League who uses wide-range attacks.
Why didn't you unleash
your flame right away?
Were you waiting for something?
Is your Quirk still working at all?
Oh, dear. It seems like you don't know.
I guess I'll make an exception
and tell you the answer!
Ice melts!
I see. That could be troublesome.
It seems like you don't know,
but I'll let you in on a secret.
I can control ice.
I've been honing my Quirk.
I skipped school and trained so much more
than those heroes.
The Grand Commander made me stronger.
So you had a wonderful life. How pitiful!
Your half-hearted flame can't melt my ice.
Dabi, don't overdo it!
The team is scattered.
Let's see.
Dabi is over there.
Shigaraki is with Spinner.
Toga went ahead of us but is now missing.
Where is Twice? He was here earlier.
No way.
It's true.
I was worried about her
and wondering where she could be.
I don't care about her.
No way! This can't be happening! Toga!
This can't be happening! It's happened!
Her skin is cold to the touch.
Damn it! Why is it so hot?
Shut it!
I can't calm down! She's covered in blood!
Is she breathing? No, she's not!
What happened to her face?
Is that the enemy's blood?
It's her blood!
Let me clean you up a little.
Don't you remember?
I got this handkerchief from you.
Just give up. The girl is already dying.
No! You must live!
You and everyone
from the League are my family.
Only you would need an outcast like me.
Damn it! I'm going to kill them all!
Twice has met up with Toga.
They are in Mr. Ikeda's storeroom.
Toga is still alive.
For Curious' sake, Toga must die.
Jin Bubaigawara, "Twice."
His Quirk is Double.
His personality
is Toga's complete opposite.
He replicated himself and almost died
at the hands of his clones.
And because of that,
this man slowly lost his personality.
We will liberate the Meta-Humans
but break your heart.
Tomoyasu Chikazoku,
also known by the code name "Skeptic."
Quirk: Anthropomorph.
He can take a human-sized object,
such as a desk or refrigerator,
and turn it into a lookalike
of any given person.
With your power,
we can revive Re-Destro should
anything unfortunate happen to him.
We can prevent Destro's tragedy
from happening again.
Bubaigawara, do you understand?
What matters is how you use it.
Why don't you understand your own worth?
I will make you join the Liberation Army.
Next episode…
The Meta Liberation Army
is holding a revival party.
In the face of the Meta Liberation Army's
overwhelming forces,
the League of Villains, led by Shigaraki,
is now cornered.
It is at this moment that Twice who found
Himiko Toga covered in wounds has finally…
Next episode, "Sad Man's Parade."
The Quirk is Double.
It's a parade full of sadness.
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!
Subtitle translation by: